Renaming the project for public distribution (#6)
stellarwp/db: README.md

> # StellarWPDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# StellarWP DB
```

[![Tests](https://github.com/stellarwp/db/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/stellarwp/db/actions?query=branch%3Amain) [![Static Analysis](https://github.com/stellarwp/db/actions/workflows/static-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/stellarwp/db/actions/workflows/static-analysis.yml)

> A WPDB wrapper and query builder library. Authored by the development team at StellarWP and provided free for the WordPress communinity. Inspired and largely forked from the work in GiveWP. 

Reviewer: This is a great addition! There's a whole Acknowledgements section at the bottom of this README, but I like the idea of calling out the GiveWP contributions way up top.

```suggestion
A WPDB wrapper and query builder library. Authored by the development team at StellarWP and provided free for the WordPress community.

_Inspired and largely forked from the [GiveWP](https://github.com/impress-org) codebase!_
```
